
My contributions to Senior-Project included:
	Contributing to the initial design and development of our relational database which consisted of over 30 tables. 
  The database had to be changed a slightly over the course of the semester. 
	Contributing to the creation of the design doc and specifications.
  I designed and created the Employee Management Screen which had an assortment of functionality. I initially created a 
  table component to be used in the Employee Management Screen and many other screens but after we found a React-Table 
  library online we used that instead. The Add Employee modal button created a modal the enables the user to create a 
  new employee by adding their first name, last name, email, and roles. The employee roles new fully worked because we 
  never fully got the roles sorted out in the database, so rather than adding them to the database, I simply have them 
  displayed on the frontend. The Edit Employee button worked by having data from our database pass into the appropriate 
  text fields to be edited and put back into our database. The Deactivate/Activate Employee button simply toggled the 
  employment status of the employee. The Employee Stats button worked by making calls to our Rest API that would query 
  the database and return the appropriate statistical value. 
	I also contributed with the initial try to get our project to run on the AWS EC2 instance.
	I aided other frontend developers by trying my best to answer questions or helping them through the logic of their 
  screens. I solved an issue in the inventory and rental screen where there was a problem in passing data from one component 
  to another, specifically between the rental/inventory table on the left and the appropriate display on the  right. The 
  problem was that the two components were completely independent of one another and in React data is passed vertically. 
  To solve this issue, I proposed that we wrapped those two components in a parent component so that the data could flow 
  back and forth between the two components through this parent class. It worked like a charm. 
	Created the powerpoint presentation used in our demo and recorded the part of the video that had to do with the Employee 
  Management Screen.
